---
categories: null
comments: true
date: '2012-09-19T16:42:00-06:00'
layout: post
title: Endings
---

Endings are hard, maybe the hardest part of writing... At least for me. So far I've written one play that when it came down to finishing it I immediately knew how to impact-fully wrap it up and tie it with a bow. I love the ending of that play, love, love, love. Sadly, for reasons other than the ending, I'm not so sure it'll ever see the light of day. Alas.

But today (and yesterday, and Monday), I've been hacking away at MY SISTER'S BABY and trying to wrap things up. The play, which mostly goes along quirky and cheerful originally ended in a super dark, sad, horrible place. The arc of the play was also all messed up and so I took it apart and put it back together again. But the ending! Oh the ending. I kept going for it, and no matter what I did the terrible things kept happening. And not that I think terrible things shouldn't happen in plays, but I just don't feel these terrible things were meant for this play.

One idea kept coming up, I draw and doodle when I'm stuck. I kept drawing the same word over and over... I'd tell you the word, but it would kind of ruin the ending, so I'll leave you in suspense. My point, is that I kept ignoring it, kept dismissing it for being silly. I saw a wise and brilliant friend today (you know who you are) and she pointed out that there's a whole lot of silly things in this play and *why not* end in this way? Sometimes you need a friend to point out the obvious. If you don't have a friend that you can discuss your work with, I highly recommend getting one.

Now there is an ending! Woo-hoo! And I actually really like the message that it gives. It's a message of family, and one that even though a family might not be traditional, that doesn't mean it isn't good. I dig it. Anyway, if you absolutely *must* know the ending (come on, you know you want to!) then I will see you at the [developmental reading of MY SISTER'S BABY](https://www.facebook.com/events/420239358038714/) on October 1st at 7:30!