---
categories: null
comments: true
date: '2012-08-15T21:19:00-06:00'
layout: post
title: The 31st Play
---

And just like that (snap your fingers) I've written 31 plays. I don't think I'm going to stop. I've really enjoyed pushing myself to write nearly every day. This play isn't my favorite play, I think being the 31st play had a lot of pressure on it. I'm happy to be done with it, and now I can write plays without counting (who am I kidding, I'll still be counting). 


###Going To The Chapel, a short play

By Rachel Bublitz


*LARRY and NORA are on stage.*

NORA
I’m terrible with money. I buy pretty things instead of feeding myself. 

LARRY
That’s the stupidest thing I’ve ever heard.

NORA
I know, right?

LARRY
I’m obsessed with porn.

NORA
Porn?

LARRY
It’s just... So easy, it’s right there on my computer, my phone. Basically every free moment...

NORA
Porn?

LARRY
Yep. 

NORA
I’m not planning this... But I’m 90% positive I’m going to put on 30-40 pounds in the next 3 years.

LARRY
That’s a lot of weight.

NORA
It is.

LARRY
I’m going to sleep with someone else, I know it.

NORA
I’ll want to sleep with someone else.

LARRY
You won’t?

NORA
Just to prove that I’m better than you.

LARRY
Damn, that’s... Bitter.

NORA
It’s true though.

LARRY
Will you leave me?

NORA
Probably. And after I do, I’ll try and keep the kids from seeing you.

LARRY
Kids?

NORA
The kids we’ll have.

LARRY
I don’t want kids.

NORA
That’ll change. And if not, I’ll just get pregnant on “accident.”

LARRY
You’ll keep the kids I don’t want from me?

NORA
You’ll want them at that point.

LARRY
Right.

NORA
So.

LARRY
Yeah.

NORA
Are we going to do this?

LARRY
Well... All the people are here.

NORA
It’s a lot of people.

LARRY
If we didn’t... I mean all that shit would happen with anyone I’d marry, right?

NORA
I think so.

LARRY
Me too. And, honestly, I’d rather go through all of that then walk out there and tell everyone the wedding is off.

NORA
That’s an excellent point.

LARRY
I love you.

NORA
I’m just glad you ask me to marry me... I’m hoping the love will come.

LARRY
Lead the way, my bride.

*End of play.*