---
categories: null
comments: true
date: '2012-05-18T15:09:00-06:00'
layout: post
title: 3 of 5
---

New play done! I had intended it to be a ten minute, but it's at 21 pages right now. Much more of a one act as it turns out. It needs a lot of love and care though. I tried playing with time and I really have no idea if it worked or not. My play is called "Best Friends Forever" and it follows the friendship of two girl friends. One of my dearest friends from childhood is a drug addict and there's probably very little left in her of the girl I loved. I have her address, and for almost a year I've been trying to write her a letter. I just don't know what to say to her. I don't know if writing her will help her at all, or if it would just help me feel better.

Last night, on my drive into the city I was blasting Adele's album "21" and singing badly and loudly. As the songs got slower and sadder, I couldn't help but think about my friend. She was so damn smart. It frustrates me to no end. I eventually had to turn off the music because I had started sobbing uncontrollably. But i tried to hold on to some of that emotion and tried to put it into a play today. In my experience with my writing, plays that are too close to reality aren't as successful as ones that I give more space. Again, this is just me, but I really wanted to share this story. I think it's a bit of a wag my finger at drugs play, but maybe I'll give it some lovin' and bring it up to snuff. Maybe if it gets good enough I'll send it to her. At least then she'll know that I still think she's more than just another addict.