---
categories: null
comments: true
date: '2012-08-13T10:59:00-06:00'
layout: post
title: Lucky Day 13, Play 23
---

So close! I'm inching closer each day. I'm hoping to wrap this up before I leave on my California road trip (leaving this Friday), we'll see how many plays I can write while I avoid packing and actually preparing for that trip. I thought of today's play while out for my run this morning. 


###We’re All Going To Die, a short play

By Rachel Bublitz


*CARLY is on stage. She is making notes in her notebook, she stops, checks over her work and puts the notebook down.*

CARLY
Kim! Kim get in here!

*KIM enters.*

KIM
What are you yelling about.

CARLY
I’ve got it all written down, what I want. I just need to find out what you want and then I can talk to the lawyers.

KIM
I told you I’m not doing it.

CARLY
Why?

KIM
It’s morbid.

CARLY
It’s inevitable. I’m going to die.

KIM
You’re not going to die.

CARLY
Kim, you know that’s not true.

KIM
You’re not sick. You’re young. You have a lifetime ahead of yourself.

CARLY
Until I die.

KIM
Carly, remember what your therapist told you. Give it a percentage. Think, how likely is it that I am going to die?

CARLY
I have. It’s 100%.

KIM
Come on.

CARLY
I’m alive. Everything living dies. I’ve known that since I was four years old and my hamster dies. I’m going to die, you are going to die. I’m not saying that it’s going to happen tomorrow, or next week, or the next decade even, but it’s inevitable. I want to know how my body will be laid to rest.

KIM
Why do you care?

CARLY
I don’t want all those weird chemicals pumped into me, that seems so wasteful and toxic. I don’t want to be in a cemetery. Did you know that cemeteries are running out of space and stacking coffins on top of one another? That’s sick. I don’t want that and the only way that I know that won’t happen is if I put it in our will.

KIM
We don’t have to put it in, you just told me. I’ll remember.

CARLY
What if we die at the same time? And your mom or my mom has to make all the arrangements?

*KIM sits.*

KIM
Oh my God.

CARLY
Are you alright?

KIM
That would be so hard on them, burying their children. Damn. (Pause) Damnit Carly! Now you’ve ruined my whole day. I won’t be able to get out of my head how hard it would be on my mom if I died. Thanks.

CARLY
I didn’t mean to upset you. I just like things planned, organized. What do you think you’ll want when you pass?

KIM
Do you promise to drop all of this talk about death?

CARLY
Absolutely.

KIM
I don’t know... Coffin I guess?

CARLY
There are a lot of other options, are you sure?

KIM
What else is there?

CARLY
Burial at sea? You love the ocean!

KIM
No, too many fish.

CARLY
Cremation?

KIM
I’m afraid of being burned!

CARLY
You’ll be dead! You won’t feel anything

KIM
I don’t want a cremation. This whole thing is ridiculous, ao I’m allowed to have nonsensical reasons, okay?

CARLY
Right. You’re totally right, I’m sorry. So... Well...

KIM
I’ll come up with something.

*Pause.*

CARLY
Like now?

KIM
I was going to think about it.

CARLY
Can you think about it now? I was planning on dropping all of this off at the lawyers before pilates.

KIM
You’re such a pain in the ass, you know that?

CARLY
Love you too babe.

KIM
Fine... Well...

CARLY
Lots of choices.

KIM
Stop that!

CARLY
What?

KIM
I’m trying to concentrate, stop talking!

CARLY
Right, sorry. Total silence from this moment on... (Pause) You’re still thinking about it, right?

KIM
Yes!

CARLY
I just can’t tell if you’re thinking about it, or just pretending to think about it as a ploy to somehow get out of this.

KIM
Fine. Here’s my idea... Wooden box, nothing fancy. No chemicals, I want to be put in the ground as soon as possible. But not a cemetery, like a... Just a nice place. Just a nice place with a nice feeling to it. Up in the hills or something. And I’d like a tree planted over me. As a marker. A willow tree. That’s what I want.

*Pause.*

CARLY
That's what you want?

KIM
Is it bad?

CARLY
It’s perfect!

*CARLY takes out her notebook again and starts to cross everything out.*

KIM
What are you doing?

CARLY
I want that too, just like that. You’re good at this.

*Pause.*

KIM
So, we’re done?

CARLY
Yep.

KIM
I’d be crushed if you died. Destroyed.

CARLY
I know, that’s why we need a plan.

*End of play.*