---
categories: null
comments: true
date: '2012-08-10T20:31:00-06:00'
layout: post
title: Play 21, Terry Gross Destroyed My Life
---

Had to share this one... It's incredibly formulaic, but I find it funny. I should say that it's also 100% fictional. Any resemblance of real people or situations is pure coincidence. Enjoy!


###How Terry Gross Destroyed My Life, a short play

By Rachel Bublitz

*JILL and HELEN are on stage.*

JILL
I have news.

HELEN
Good news?

JILL
Very good news.

HELEN
Are you sure the news is good Jill?

JILL
Of course I’m sure.
HELEN
Because it might just be good news to you, I might think it’s crappy news.

JILL
You’re going to shit your pants.

HELEN
That sounds terrible.

JILL
It’s going to be awesome.

HELEN
I’ve never shit my pants out of joy.

JILL
Forget about shit! Listen, I just got an email from.... 

HELEN
Should I go and sit on the toilet?

JILL
Just shut up! I just got an email from Terry fucking Gross.

HELEN
Oh my God.

JILL
I know.

HELEN
No, I mean like... OH MY GOD!

JILL
Terry fucking Gross!

HELEN
Terry fucking Gross? Are you shitting me?

JILL
I am not shitting you, see?

*JILL pulls out her smart phone, opens the email and hands it to HELEN.*

HELEN
This is an email from Terry fucking Gross!

JILL
I know, that’s what I’m telling you!

HELEN
Oh my God!

JILL
Did you shit your pants?

HELEN
What? No! Stop that. Terry Gross wants us on her show.

JILL
I told you, I fucking told you. We can’t just revolutionize the way people write poetry and get ignored.

HELEN
I’m not sure we revolutionized anything.

JILL
We inspired people. Over 1,000 people! We’ve changed things, we did something!

HELEN
Terry Gross wants us to be on Fresh Air! Do we get to meet her? Do we fly to wherever she is? Is it on the phone?

JILL
It’s just a small piece, it’ll be over the phone.

HELEN
Still.

JILL
I know!

*Pause.*

HELEN
You did a damn good job.

JILL
Well, thanks.

HELEN
No seriously. I came to you with this silly little idea, and you made it a global phenomenon! Terry fucking Gross is going to interview us on Fresh Air.

JILL
(Impersonating Terry Gross) Hi, I’m Terry Gross, this is Fresh Air!

HELEN
Terry fucking Gross!

*We hear a noise from JILL’s phone.*

JILL
It’s another email!

HELEN
Open it!

*JILL pulls out her smart phone and opens her email.*

JILL
The interview is set for two days from now.

HELEN
Two days! Just two days? I need to prepare! Two days isn’t enough time! I can’t do two days.

JILL
It’s Terry fucking Gross, you’ll do whatever day she asks of you. Besides, you’ll be great, you’ve got all the fancy talk to make you sound credible. 

HELEN
Okay, what else does it say?

JILL
It’ll be over the phone... That’s a bummer, we won’t actually be meeting her, just a phone thing.

HELEN
Jill, it’s Terry fucking Gross.

JILL
Yeah, you’re right. Forget that.

HELEN
You’re my best friend, you know that? I love you.

JILL
I love you too.

HELEN
No, like... I don’t think we have just one soul mate, I think we have like a couple, you know? I always thought of my dad as a soul mate, we had this incredible connection that... Anyway, it’s like kindred spirits. We have that. This project, writing a poem a day for a month, it would have been so flat and boring with out you. You spiced it all up, you brought in all the poets! You made all this happen and I am so glad that we got to do all of this together. Thank you for your hard work and support.

JILL
That means a lot to me. I mean... Just you asking me to get involved with this incredible project, I was honored. You’re a visionary, you know that?

HELEN
Come here!

*JILL and HELEN hug.*

JILL
Okay, back to business.

*JILL returns to reading the email on her phone.*

HELEN
Does it give a time? Do we have options? I mean, I’ll move shit around, it’s Terry fucking Gross after all....

*Pause.*

JILL
Oh.

HELEN
What’s up.

JILL
Well... It’s a short spot, like I said.

HELEN
Yeah, who cares? It’s national coverage! Anything is better than nothing.

JILL
She only has time for one of us.

HELEN
One?

JILL
They want us to pick which one of us will... You know, get to talk to Terry Gross.

*Pause.*

HELEN
Okay. So... I’m going to be honest here, because that’s what I know.

JILL
Okay.

HELEN
I should go.

JILL
I should go!

HELEN
I wasn’t done.

JILL
Fine.

HELEN
I should go, it was my idea.

JILL
I gave it life! I gave it soul!

HELEN
I give it credibility. Think about it, one of us has to get on national radio and get people jazzed about poetry. Who’s going to be better? Think of what’s best for the project.

JILL
I am. I bring the fire! You’re all facts and figures and shit. I’m like the fucking mascot!

HELEN
There’s a reason that they interview the coach and not the mascot at the end of a game.

JILL
Okay, mascot was a bad choice. I should get the interview, I mean I set it up! I wrote the press release, I sent it out!

HELEN
I corrected all of your spelling errors!

JILL
I’m the one who passed out the flyers and spread the word! All you do it sit at home and write.

HELEN
I’m shy!

JILL
Then why do you want to get on the radio with Terry Gross?

HELEN
It’s Terry Gross! It’s like... Like my biggest dream! My best fantasy always involves getting interviewed by Terry Gross.

JILL
You fantasize about Terry Gross?

HELEN
Interviewing me. That’s it.

JILL
I don’t think you should do it, you have this weird love thing going on for her, we can’t scare her off.

HELEN
You love her too!

JILL
Of course I do, it’s Terry fucking Gross! Shit. What are we going to do? Flip a coin?

HELEN
No coins! This was my idea! I get to go. Me! That’s it, we’re done.

JILL
That’s not fair, I worked just as hard as you.

HELEN
You didn’t even keep up with the challenge!

JILL
That was low! I tried. I’m sorry I don’t write as fast as you.

HELEN
You’d do a terrible job representing us. 

JILL
Than maybe I shouldn’t be a part of this, since I couldn’t keep up.

HELEN
Maybe not.

JILL
If that’s how you feel than fine!

*JILL takes out her phone, opens the email and begins to type.*

HELEN
What are you writing?

JILL
“Dear Terry, thanks for the offer. We’re going to pass. My partner, Helen thinks you’re an ass wipe.”

*HELEN tries to get the phone from JILL.*

HELEN
Do not send that.

JILL
You can’t stop me! You can’t do anything!

*JILL gets out of HELEN’s reach.*

HELEN
Please! Don’t!

*JILL hits the send button.*

JILL
Too late. And this is what I think of your stupid poetry.

*JILL throws her phone as hard as she can on the floor, it breaks. Pause.*

HELEN
That was your phone.

JILL
I was... I forgot, I was just so pissed. Whatever, I’ll get a new one. Not like I don’t have time for better things now anyway. When you see what an asshole you’ve been, don’t come begging to get me back. I’m done with you.

*JILL exits.*

HELEN
Terry fucking Gross.

*End of play.*