---
categories: null
comments: true
date: '2012-08-08T19:50:00-06:00'
layout: post
title: Day 8, Play 16
---

I've been thinking of this play "God Damn Pandas" for nearly a year. Today, with nothing to lose, I wrote it out. It was my third play today, trying to push through to get closer to the end! 31 is a lot of plays. But I'm really enjoying myself. It's great to write without worrying if there's anything that I can do with it, or if the idea will even work. I just have to write because I have to write. Keep on pushing fellow 31 Plays/31 Days peeps!


###God Damn Pandas, a short play

By Rachel Bublitz

*We are at a zoo. Specifically where the giraffe and lion enclosers meet. LION is on stage, in her encloser. GIRAFFE enters, and stays in his encloser.*

GIRAFFE
Good morning.

LION
Says you. The damn howler monkeys kept me up half the night.

GIRAFFE
They were awfully noisy last night.

LION
You’re telling me! It’s fucking ridiculous. Every damn night it’s like a rave over there. 

GIRAFFE
They’re very social creatures.

LION
Social creatures my ass. They just better hope that we never come face to face... I’d love to chomp them to pieces.

GIRAFFE
Ha ha ha.

LION
How about you? Sleep well?

GIRAFFE
Well, okay, considering...

LION
Those damn monkeys! I’m telling you they’re almost as bad as those good for nothing pandas!

GIRAFFE
Oh those pandas.

LION
Don’t even get me started on the pandas.

GIRAFFE
So you didn’t hear the news?

ZOO ANNOUNCER (OFF STAGE)
Good morning zoo patrons! Welcome! The doors are officially open. Be sure and swing by the panda exhibit early to avoid the crowds. For maps and show schedule please visit the information center located at the entrance. Enjoy your day!

LION
Did you hear that? Visit the pandas early? Always the damn pandas! Always! Why don’t they advise anyone to visit the lions early? Huh? Or the giraffes. It’s just so... ROAR!

GIRAFFE
Maybe I shouldn’t tell you.

LION
Tell me what?

GIRAFFE
The news...

LION
What news?? Are we getting a new animal? I could use a mate. 

GIRAFFE
Well, it’s about the pandas.

LION
Pandas? PANDAS? Are you shitting me? Oh, hold up... People.

*LION and GIRAFFE start behaving like the prospective animals that they are (eating leaves, stretching, etc).*

GIRAFFE
We’re good.

LION
Now what’s going on? They’re not getting rid of them, are they? If I’ve said it once, I’ve said it a million times. They take up way too much of the zoos resources. It’s not fair to the other animals! And plus, I mean all the attention.... It’s like they’re all the people want to see. Are they getting rid of the pandas?

GIRAFFE
No.

LION
Then what is it?

GIRAFFE
People.

LION
Huh?

GIRAFFE
People, look.

*LION and GIRAFFE start behaving like the prospective animals that they are (eating leaves, stretching, etc).*

LION
They’re gone, now spill the beans!

GIRAFFE
I don’t know.

LION
What do you mean you don’t know?

GIRAFFE
It’s just going to upset you. You make me so nervous when you’re angry... The roaring and all.

LION
I can’t help what I am. But we’re friends, right?

GIRAFFE
I suppose.

LION
We’ve come to a neighborly appreciation of one another. I have so much respect for you.

GIRAFFE
Right, but...

LION
Look you leaf eater, I won’t hurt you. I can’t. I... Have you noticed the four feet of cement between us? Damn it, more people.

*LION and GIRAFFE start behaving like the prospective animals that they are (eating leaves, stretching, etc).*

GIRAFFE
Okay, here’s the deal. They want a panda baby, they want a baby and they want one bad. They’re going to order two male pandas from China, and triple the size of the encloser.

LION
WHAT? TWO MALE PANDAS? TWO?

GIRAFFE
You’re making me nervous.

LION
ROARRRRRR! ROARRRR! Oh, I’m so God damn... ROAR! Those good for nothing pandas. What is it about them? They choke on their food like half the time! Two males? Two? I’ve gone four years without another lion here! It’s lonely! And that panda bitch gets TWO MATES?

GIRAFFE
I guess that pandas are very... Particular.

LION
Not that anyone knows, she won’t talk to any of us. The lesser animals.

GIRAFFE
She only speaks Chinese!

LION
She’s been at the zoo for over five years, she could try and learn English. Did you hear about the look she gave Peacock the other day? Ostrich saw the whole thing. All you hear is all this pre-Madona crap. I... Two mates. Well, thanks for telling me, sorry for the... I have a hard time, you know, reigning in the “lion within” at times.

GIRAFFE
I understand. It makes me grumpy too.

LION
That’s kinda cute.

GIRAFFE
What?

LION
I’ve never seen you upset before. Not that different.

GIRAFFE
You know... Leaf eaters don’t need all the aggression.

LION
Tell that to those crazy fucking zebras!

GIRAFFE
That’s for sure... Zebras.

LION
More people coming! Well, I’m going to go lounge on the other rock, try and scare the piss out of those fucking howler monkeys. Keep it real!

GIRAFFE
Yeah, you too.

LION
You know I will! I still can’t believe it. Triple of the space and two mates. What I wouldn’t give....

*LION and GIRAFFE start behaving like the prospective animals that they are (eating leaves, stretching, etc). End of play.*