---
categories: null
comments: true
date: '2013-07-22T12:22:00-06:00'
layout: post
title: New Play!
---

I'm writing something brand new, and it is terrifying. Pretty sure that means it is exactly what I should be working on right now. It's very different from what I thought I'd be writing right now (I was planning on spending the summer working on a science fiction play that would have a giant squid), but it is something that I've been trying to write for a long time... I think sometimes it just takes month for my mind to unlock the secret story within an idea.

It's surreal, and dark, and so far not funny (at least not to me, but I've been wrong before!). Want a taste? Course you do. Keep in mind this is super rough...

This conversation is between a woman, Camile, and her 13 year-old self, Milly... Probably won't make sense out of context, but I'm not sure it makes sense *in* context yet. That's what rewrites are for! 

MILLY
The truck pulled up.

CAMILE
I’d seen it before.

MILLY
Twice?

CAMILE
Three times.

MILLY
He asked for directions.

CAMILE
He always asked for directions.

MILLY
And I went to him.

CAMILE
The first few times I didn’t get close.

MILLY
But it was hard to see, I couldn’t tell where he was trying to go.

CAMILE
I couldn’t see his map from far away. I got close to see the map.

MILLY
He wasn’t wearing a shirt.

CAMILE
Why wasn’t he wearing a shirt?

MILLY
It’s the beach, it gets hot.

CAMILE
Not in the middle of the night.

MILLY
I got close.

CAMILE
When I got close I saw he was totally naked.

MILLY
When I got close I saw that he was...

CAMILE
When I got close I saw that he was totally naked and touching himself.

MILLY
I tried to get away.

CAMILE
When I got close I saw that he was masturbating.