---
categories: null
comments: true
date: '2015-01-06T12:21:18-07:00'
layout: post
title: What I Wrote In 2014
---

2014 was busy. And not just a little busy, but like BUSY. I had this constant feeling of being under water on nearly all of my projects, getting a gasp here and there, but mostly just freaking the hell out. But, with it being behind us and all, I thought I'd look back and see what I got done in that back breaking year. And so....

##What I Wrote In 2014!

###Full Lengths:

####IRO ST. CLOUD; THE QUEST FOR PEGASUS

Finally a title I don't hate! We'll see if it sticks... But, *Iro St. Cloud; The Quest For Pegasus*, was commissioned by [Custom Made Theatre](custommade.org). It follows the story of one orphan's quest to find the mythical winged horse Pegasus. I started the play in February of 2014, had a first draft by April, second draft in June, third draft after the reading in September, and I just finished up draft four! 

####GIRL FRIEND - a screenplay!

My first screenplay! I started *Girl Friend*, the anti-romantic comedy about a girl trying to convince her best friend to *not* have romantic feelings for her, back in June. I banged out the first and second draft in August, and in a crazy furor managed to finish a third draft amidst the holiday and submitting insanity of December. 

###One-Acts:

####THE RED HOUSE MONSTER

Based on the myth of Geryon, commissioned by [The San Francisco Olympians Festival](http://www.sfolympians.com/), *The Red House Monster* is a thriller, following the head-strong Hannah Gold and her obsession with The Red House and its occupant. A fantastic reading of *The Red House Monster* terrified its audience back in November with the help of Ariel Craft, the brilliant director, and my outstanding cast: Megan Briggs, Jan Gilbert, Maria Leigh, Eden Neuendorf, and Ron Talbot.

####THE LOST GHOST, an adaptation

A final project for my Playcrafting and Dramaturgy class, I adapted *The Lost Ghost* by Mary E. Wilkins into a twenty minute horror play. In the play, Mrs. John Emerson is dragged back into her first hand ghost experience as she tells the story to a friend. 

###Ten Minute Scripts:

Many of my ten-minute plays from 2014 came from [PlayGround](playground-sf.org) prompts, and to that I am grateful. They inspired the following plays:

####HAPPY IN CALIFORNIA - January

Topic: CALIFORNIA DREAMIN’: Ten-Minute Plays Inspired by the California Experience

####THE HAPPINESS GAP - February

Topic: “Math Night”: A PASSION FOR PRIMES

Produced by the [Stonington Players](http://www.stoningtonplayers.org/) in November!

####EVERYTHING IS FINE - March

Topic: 
>‘All the world’s a stage,

>And all the men and women merely players;

>They have their exits and their entrances;

>And one man in his time plays many parts…’
                             - from Shakespeare’s As You Like It

####READING BABAR IN 2070 - October

Topic: IS EARTH F**KED?

And *Reading Babar in 2070* was selected! It was performed at Berkeley Rep and down at Stanford as a special treat.

####THE APPLICANTS - November

Topic: “Musical Theatre Night”: “NICE WORK IF YOU CAN GET IT”: An Evening of Gershwin-Inspired Plays and Musicals

####HOW GRETCHEN STOLE CHRISTMAS - December

Topic: GHOST OF CHRISTMAS PRESENT

Other ten-minute plays I wrote last year include:

####STANDARDS

####NIGHT TERROR

####NO TALKING ALLOWED!

###One Minutes Scripts:

####FANNY PACK

One of my favorite scripts of all time. Read it here: [http://rachelbublitz.com/blog/2014/09/04/a-new-short-play-fanny-pack/](http://rachelbublitz.com/blog/2014/09/04/a-new-short-play-fanny-pack/). I have some ideas bouncing around of using Furia and Perdita in a longer piece. 

####SHARING IS CARING

To be performed at [Stage Left Theatre](http://www.spokanestageleft.org/)'s Fast & Furious 2015 this month!

####PEPE LE PEW

Written for and performed at [Playwright Foundation](http://playwrightsfoundation.org/)'s 5th Annual San Francisco One Minute Play Festival this past December.

####TRAINED FOR LOVE

Also written for and performed at the #1MPF!

####EXCAVATION 5014

###Still-To-Be-Finished Scripts:

####LUCY (working title), full length

One of my final projects for my Short Play Writing Workshop last semester was a play about consent and the gray areas of rape, not a topic I ever imagined I'd write about but felt completely compelled to. I was (and still am) proud of this play, and upon finishing Act One, I realized that there was a second act to be written. 

##Writing For 2015:

This year I have a few huge projects on the horizon; a full-length play inspired by [Nancy Wake](http://loudandunladylike.com/post/104263395154/meet-rachel-bublitz) for [DIVAfest](http://www.theexit.org/divafest/)'s [LOUD & UNLADYLIKE](loudandunladylike.tumblr.com) New Play Festival happening this summer, a one-act play inspired by the sea-witch Circe for the 6th Annual SF Olympians Festival, and finishing up the second half of *Lucy*. I'll also be working on my thesis for my Master's in English degree - I'm on the two-degrees-for-the price-of-one track at SFSU, and finishing up the rest of the classes I need for my MFA. And yes, submitting like an insane person. 

I'm excited. I'm ready. 2015, let's do this.